

# IDORable Bistro

<br>
**Direct link**: [Objective 3 terminal](https://2025.holidayhackchallenge.com/badge?section=objective&id=objIdor)

## Objective
I'm a teetotaling hacker. I sleep about 4 hours a night. Photography is my hobby, but the anachronistic sort: before 1900. Teaching people how to hack and protect systems is my passion.

I need your help with something urgent.

A gnome came through Sasabune today, poorly disguising itself as human - apparently asking for frozen sushi, which is almost as terrible as that fusion disaster I had to endure that one time.

Based on my previous work finding IDOR bugs in restaurant payment systems, I suspect we can exploit a similar vulnerability here.

I was at a talk recently and learned some interesting things about some of these payment systems. Let's use that receipt to dig deeper and unmask this gnome's true identity.

## Hints
QR Codes
From: Santa
Objective: IDORable Bistro
I have been seeing a lot of receipts lying around with some kind of QR code on them. I am pretty sure they are for Duke Dosis's Holiday Bistro. Interesting...see you if you can find one and see what they are all about...

What's For Lunch?
From: Santa
Objective: IDORable Bistro
I had tried to scan one of the QR codes and it took me to somebody's meal receipt! I am afraid somebody could look up anyone's meal if they have the correct ID...in the correct place.

Will the Real ID Please...
From: Santa
Objective: IDORable Bistro
Sometimes...developers put in a lot of effort to anonymyze information by using randomly generated identifiers...but...there are also times where the "real" ID is used in a separate Network request...

## Solution
