docs/objectives/o5.md, before:

---
icon: material/text-box-outline
---

# Rogue Gnome Identity Provider

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star:<br/>
## Direct link: [https://2025.holidayhackchallenge.com/badge?section=objective&id=objRogueGnome](https://2025.holidayhackchallenge.com/badge?section=objective&id=objRogueGnome)

## Objective

!!! question "Description"
"As a pentester, I proper love a good privilege escalation challenge, and that's exactly what we've got here. <br>

I've got access to a Gnome's Diagnostic Interface at gnome-48371.atnascorp with the creds <span style="color: green;"> gnome:SittingOnAShelf </span>, but it's just a low-privilege account.<br>

The gnomes are getting some dodgy updates, and I need admin access to see what's actually going on.<br>

Ready to help me find a way to bump up our access level, yeah?"


## Hints

??? tip "Hint 1"
    It looks like the JWT uses JWKS. Maybe a JWKS spoofing attack would work.

??? tip "Hint 2"
    https://github.com/ticarpi/jwt_tool/wiki and https://portswigger.net/web-security/jwt have some great information on analyzing JWT's and performing JWT attacks.
	
??? tip "Hint 3"
    If you need to host any files for the attack, the server is running a webserver available locally at http://paulweb.neighborhood/ . The files for the site are stored in ~/www

## Solution

First read the notes file:

![Notes file](notes.png)

Commit message:

Updates to Objective 5
Added login steps

docs/objectives/o5.md, after:

---
icon: material/text-box-outline
---

# Rogue Gnome Identity Provider

**Difficulty**: :fontawesome-solid-star::fontawesome-solid-star:<br/>
## Direct link: [https://2025.holidayhackchallenge.com/badge?section=objective&id=objRogueGnome](https://2025.holidayhackchallenge.com/badge?section=objective&id=objRogueGnome)

## Objective

!!! question "Description"
"As a pentester, I proper love a good privilege escalation challenge, and that's exactly what we've got here. <br>

I've got access to a Gnome's Diagnostic Interface at gnome-48371.atnascorp with the creds <span style="color: green;"> gnome:SittingOnAShelf </span>, but it's just a low-privilege account.<br>

The gnomes are getting some dodgy updates, and I need admin access to see what's actually going on.<br>

Ready to help me find a way to bump up our access level, yeah?"


## Hints

??? tip "Hint 1"
    It looks like the JWT uses JWKS. Maybe a JWKS spoofing attack would work.

??? tip "Hint 2"
    https://github.com/ticarpi/jwt_tool/wiki and https://portswigger.net/web-security/jwt have some great information on analyzing JWT's and performing JWT attacks.
	
??? tip "Hint 3"
    If you need to host any files for the attack, the server is running a webserver available locally at http://paulweb.neighborhood/ . The files for the site are stored in ~/www

## Solution

First read the notes file:

![Notes file png](notes.png)

What I didn't realize (and what became obvious in hindsight) is that the notes file tells you all the tasks you need to do in order.

The next thing we want to do is go to the IDP login page and login as low level user:

![load the Identity Provider login page png](load the Identity Provider login page.png)

Now let's login as the <i>Gnome</i> user account with the password <i>SittingOnAShelf</i>

![login to the Identity Provider png](login to the Identity Provider.png)
